feat!: new `abigen!`, `setup_contract_test!`, and handling of shared types (#763)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/abigen/the-abigen-macro.md

```

## How does the generated code look?

A rough overview:
```rust,ignore
pub mod abigen_bindings {
    pub mod contract_a_mod {
        struct SomeCustomStruct{/*...*/};
        // other custom types used in the contract
        
        struct ContractA {/*...*/};
        impl ContractA {/*...*/};
        // ...
    }
    pub mod contract_b_mod {
        // ...
    }
    pub mod my_script_mod {
        // ...
    }
    pub mod my_predicate_mod{
        // ...
    }
    pub mod shared_types{
        // ...
    }
}

pub use contract_a_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use contract_b_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use my_predicate_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use shared_types::{/*..*/};
```

Each `ProgramType` gets its own `mod` based on the `name` given in the `abigen!`. Inside the respective mods the custom
types used by that program are generated, as well as the bindings through which the actual calls can be made.

There is one extra `mod` called `shared_types` which is generated if `abigen!` detects that the given programs share
types. Instead of each `mod` regenerating the type for itself, the type is lifted out into the `shared_types` module and

> generated only once and then shared between all programs that use it.

Author: Fixed.

A type is deemed shared if its name and definition match up. This can happen either because you've used the same library
(a custom one or a type from the stdlib) or because you've happened to define the exact same type.

Finally `pub use` statements are inserted, so you don't have to fully qualify the generated types. 

> **Note:** 
To avoid conflict only types which have unique names will get a `pub use` statement. If you find rust can't find your
type it might just be that there is another generated type with the same name. To fix the issue just qualify the path

> by doing `abigen_bindings::whatever_contract_mod::TheType`.

Author: Fixed in another comment by Rodrigo.

> 

Author: Fixed earlier.

```text
ProgramType(name="MyProgramType", abi="my_program-abi.json")...
```
where:

`ProgramType` is one of: `Contract`, `Script` or `Predicate`,

`name` is the name that will be given to the generated bindings,

`abi` is either a path to the json abi file or its actual contents.

---
So, an `abigen!` which generates bindings for two contracts and one script looks like this:
```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/abigen/src/lib.rs:multiple_abigen_program_types}}
```

## How does the generated code look?

A rough overview:
```rust,ignore
pub mod abigen_bindings {
    pub mod contract_a_mod {
        struct SomeCustomStruct{/*...*/};
        // other custom types used in the contract
        
        struct ContractA {/*...*/};
        impl ContractA {/*...*/};
        // ...
    }
    pub mod contract_b_mod {
        // ...
    }
    pub mod my_script_mod {
        // ...
    }
    pub mod my_predicate_mod{
        // ...
    }
    pub mod shared_types{
        // ...
    }
}

pub use contract_a_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use contract_b_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use my_predicate_mod::{/*..*/};
pub use shared_types::{/*..*/};
```

> Each `ProgramType` gets its own `mod` based on the `name` given in the `abigen!`. Inside the respective mods the custom
> types used by that program are generated, as well as the bindings through which the actual calls can be made.

Reviewer: Not sure if it's an editor thing, but there are a few break lines in the middle of the same paragraphs. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think that was intended.  (I also suggested some clarity-related mods below)

```suggestion
Each `ProgramType` gets its own `mod` based on the `name` given in the `abigen!`. Inside the respective mods, the custom types used by that program are generated, and the bindings through which the actual calls can be made.
```

> There is one extra `mod` called `shared_types` which is generated if `abigen!` detects that the given programs share
> types. Instead of each `mod` regenerating the type for itself, the type is lifted out into the `shared_types` module and
> generated only once and then shared between all programs that use it.

Reviewer: Same here: no break lines in a paragraph + wording improvements.

```suggestion
One extra `mod` called `shared_types` is generated if `abigen!` detects that the given programs share types. Instead of each `mod` regenerating the type for itself, the type is lifted out into the `shared_types` module, generated only once, and then shared between all programs that use it.
```

> A type is deemed shared if its name and definition match up. This can happen either because you've used the same library
> (a custom one or a type from the stdlib) or because you've happened to define the exact same type.

Reviewer: Same here: no break lines in a paragraph.

```suggestion
A type is deemed shared if its name and definition match up. This can happen either because you've used the same library (a custom one or a type from the stdlib) or because you've happened to define the exact same type.
```

> Finally `pub use` statements are inserted, so you don't have to fully qualify the generated types. To avoid conflict
> only types which have unique names will get a `pub use` statement. If you find rustc can't find your type it might just
> be that there is another generated type with the same name. To fix the issue just qualify the path by doing
> `abigen_bindings::whatever_contract_mod::TheType`.

Reviewer: Same here: no break lines in a paragraph + wording improvements.

```suggestion
Finally, `pub use` statements are inserted, so you don't have to fully qualify the generated types. To avoid conflict, only types that have unique names will get a `pub use` statement. If you find rustc can't find your type, it might just be that there is another generated type with the same name. To fix the issue just qualify the path by doing `abigen_bindings::whatever_contract_mod::TheType`.
```

> **Note:**

> > It is **highly** encouraged that you generate all your bindings in one `abigen!` call. Doing it in this manner will
> allow type sharing and avoid  name collisions you'd normally get when calling `abigen!` multiple times inside the same
> namespace. If you choose to proceed otherwise, then keep in mind the generated code overview presented above and
> separate the `abigen!` calls into different modules appropriately to resolve the collision.
> 
> ## Using the bindings
> Let's look at a contract with two methods: `initialize_counter(arg: u64) -> u64` and `increment_counter(arg: u64) -> u64`, with the following JSON ABI:

Reviewer: Same here: no break lines in a paragraph + wording improvements.

```suggestion
> It is **highly** encouraged that you generate all your bindings in one `abigen!` call. Doing it in this manner will allow type sharing and avoid name collisions you'd normally get when calling `abigen!` multiple times inside the same namespace. If you choose to proceed otherwise, keep in mind the generated code overview presented above and appropriately separate the `abigen!` calls into different modules to resolve the collision.

## Using the bindings
Let's look at a contract with two methods: `initialize_counter(arg: u64) -> u64` and `increment_counter(arg: u64) -> u64`, with the following JSON ABI:
```
